Add `on_{system}` methods to formula cookbook (#13645)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Formula-Cookbook.md

If anything isn’t clear, you can usually figure it out by `grep`ping the `$(brew --repository homebrew/core)` directory. Please submit a pull request to amend this document if you think it will help!

### Handling different system configurations

Often, formulae need different dependencies, resources, patches, conflicts, deprecations or `keg_only` statuses on different OSes and arches. In these cases, the components can be nested inside `on_macos`, `on_linux`, `on_arm` or `on_intel` blocks. For example, here's how to add `gcc` as a Linux-only dependency:

```ruby
on_linux do
  depends_on "gcc"
end
```

> Components can also be declared for specific macOS versions or version ranges. For example, to declare a dependency only on High Sierra, nest the `depends_on` call inside an `on_high_sierra` block. Add an `:or_older` or `:or_newer` parameter to the `on_high_sierra` method to add the dependency to all macOS versions that meet the condition. For example, to add `gettext` as a build dependency on Mojave and all macOS versions that are newer than Mojave, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components can also be declared for specific macOS versions or version ranges. For example, to declare a dependency only on High Sierra, nest the `depends_on` call inside an `on_high_sierra` block. Add an `:or_older` or `:or_newer` parameter to the `on_high_sierra` method to add the dependency to all macOS versions that meet the condition. For example, to add `gettext` as a build dependency on Mojave and all later macOS versions, use:
```

```ruby
on_mojave :or_newer do
  depends_on "gettext" => :build
end
```

Sometimes, a dependency is needed on certain macOS versions *and* on Linux. In these cases, a special `on_system` method can be used:

```ruby
on_system :linux, macos: :sierra_or_older do
  depends_on "gettext" => :build
end
```

To check multiple conditions, nest the corresponding blocks. For example, the following code adds a `gettext` build dependency when on ARM *and* macOS:

```ruby
on_macos do

>   on_intel do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  on_arm do
```

    depends_on "gettext" => :build
  end
end
```

#### Inside `def install` and `test do`

> Inside `def install` and `test` do, don't use these `on_*` methods. Instead, use `if` statements and the following conditionals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't use these `on_*` methods inside `def install` and `test do` blocks . Instead, use `if` statements and the following conditionals:
```

> Inside `def install` and `test` do, don't use these `on_*` methods. Instead, use `if` statements and the following conditionals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside `def install` and `test do`, don't use these `on_*` methods. Instead, use `if` statements and the following conditionals:
```
